Add hint which version of Symfony not longer require proxy manager bridge (#54629)
symfony/symfony: src/Symfony/Bridge/ProxyManager/README.md

Symfony components.

> [!WARNING]  
> This bridge is no longer necessary and is thus discontinued; 6.4 is the last version.  

> > The first version of Symfony not longer require ProxyManager bridge for lazy services is 6.2.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> The first version of Symfony no longer requiring the ProxyManager bridge for lazy services is 6.2.
```
